[API-docs] Adding static swagger-ui (#5354)
aces/Loris: modules/api_docs/help/api_docs.md

> # API documentation module

Reviewer: I was going to say this needs to be rewritten in the format of our other READMEs, but then I realized it's the help, not the README.. this module needs a README.md (in the form of our other module READMEs..)

Reviewer 2: done

This module uses [Swagger-UI](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui/) to present this LORIS instance modules API endpoints. By selecting a module name in the *Select  a spec* dropdown, it will provide a description of each of the selected module's endpoints.

You can use the *Try it out* button to test each endpoint. (Note that this will send a real API request which may affect your data.)

*NOTE*  
If accessing this module as a guest (Unauthenticated user), you will have to authenticate yourself before using most of the endpoints. To do so, select the
**api** spec, then use the login endpoint *Try it out*. You will have to fill the *Request body* section with the appropriate credentials then hit the *Execute* bu

> tton. If successful, the *Response* section will contain the JWT token to put in the *Value* field when clicking the *Authorize* button. The token value must be prefixed with the word "Bearer". 

Reviewer: there's a line break in the middle of "button"

Reviewer 2: done

# API documentation module

> This module use [Swagger-UI](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui/) to present this LORIS instance modules API endpoints. By selecting a module name in the *Select  a spec* dropdown, it will provide a description of each of the selected module endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module uses [Swagger-UI](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui/) to present this LORIS instance modules API endpoints. By selecting a module name in the *Select  a spec* dropdown, it will provide a description of each of the selected module's endpoints.
```

> Feel free to test the *Try it out* button for each endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the *Try it out* button to test each endpoint. (Note that this will send a real API request which may affect your data.)
```

*NOTE*  
If accessing this module as a guest (Unauthenticated user), you will have to authenticate yourself before using most of the endpoints. To do so, select the
**api** spec, then use the login endpoint *Try it out*. You will have to fill the *Request body* section with the appropriate credentials then hit the *Execute* bu

> tton. If successfull, rhe *Response* section will contain the JWT token to put in the *Value* field when clicking the *Authorize* button. The token value must be prefixed with Bearer.  

Reviewer: I can't suggest change from the GitHub UI, but there's a line break in the middle of the word "button"

> tton. If successfull, rhe *Response* section will contain the JWT token to put in the *Value* field when clicking the *Authorize* button. The token value must be prefixed with Bearer.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tton. If successful, the *Response* section will contain the JWT token to put in the *Value* field when clicking the *Authorize* button. The token value must be prefixed with the word "Bearer". 
```
